ReadMe.md, before:

# Group Project II Readme
## A Guide

### Technologies
* Ruby
* Sinatra
* JavaScript
* Bootstrap
* SASS


Let's use this file to keep tabs on what we are doing to the site as we go. That way when we finish we will already have a really well documented account of our process for when we have to write the actual ReadMe at the end.
	-Nick

I've been using the placeholder "SiteName" around what I've done so far, that way when we come up with a name (hopefully on Monday) we can just do command-F and find and replace "SiteName" to whatever we choose. I've also created some sections below so we can stay on topic in our communication.
	-Nick

### General Discussion

### Layout ERB
* I put a container div around the yield for bootstrap so that it's automatically there when we are building out pages so you can just put rows and columns and not worry about wrapping it in a container.
	-Nick

### Home Page

### Categories Page(s)

### Product Pages

### About Us

### Ruby
* Right now I'm still working on how to create the random product selector in the nav so that link won't, you know, do anything. But I was thinking it would be a cool feature and it shouldn't be too hard to do.
	-Nick

### JS

### SASS/CSS (Styling)

Commit message:

product page skeleton built, ReadMe updated

ReadMe.md, after:

# Group Project II Readme
## A Guide

### Technologies
* Ruby
* Sinatra
* JavaScript
* Bootstrap
* SASS


Let's use this file to keep tabs on what we are doing to the site as we go. That way when we finish we will already have a really well documented account of our process for when we have to write the actual ReadMe at the end.
	-Nick

I've been using the placeholder "SiteName" around what I've done so far, that way when we come up with a name (hopefully on Monday) we can just do command-F and find and replace "SiteName" to whatever we choose. I've also created some sections below so we can stay on topic in our communication.
	-Nick

### General Discussion

### Layout ERB
* I put a container div around the yield for bootstrap so that it's automatically there when we are building out pages so you can just put rows and columns and not worry about wrapping it in a container.
	-Nick

### Home Page

### Categories Page(s)

### Product Pages
* The product pages are fed from a hash in the server file. Feel free to add any products you like, also Hans, if you want to feed your carousel with product images and make them clickable that would be the tits.
	-Nick
	
### About Us

### Ruby
* Right now I'm still working on how to create the random product selector in the nav so that link won't, you know, do anything. But I was thinking it would be a cool feature and it shouldn't be too hard to do.
	-Nick

### JS

### SASS/CSS (Styling)
